hey guys so we're gonna be talking about
how to implement a class using TDD a bit
like we looked at yesterday but before
we get into that a couple of you asked
me how I'd go about setting up a kind of
new project for some of this stuff so I
thought I'd just go through the few
steps that I'd normally go through to do
that right you guys won't have to do
this because you've cloned this
repository down to you've already got
some of this stuff done but it's pretty
quick so I thought I'd show you
so I basically got a folder here right
with nothing in it
if we run LS we can see this it's empty
so the first thing I do if I was setting
up a node project is run NPM in it which
is going to initialize a NPM thing here
it's basically going to set up a package
JSON so it's going to ask me for a name
which we can accept the default for
version description all this kind of
stuff the test command we want to be
maka because we know we're going to use
maka for doing the testing and we don't
worry about any of this stuff and what
that's done is it's created this package
JSON for us we just got like all the
stuff we need in it except it doesn't
have the dependencies yet so the next
thing that we need to do is add the
dependencies so we're just going to add
child maka
so that's done he's added in these two
dependencies into the package top JSON
is at this lock file it's also installed
them in that node modules folder
so what I'd probably want to do now is
add a get ignore file ignore which is
basically we want to put in so that we
can ignore this node modules folder so
I'm just going to go into here and add
node modules so that get will ignore
that from now on and then I also want to
add a readme file and then we want to
come over here and put some sort of
title in here write the last couple of
things I want to do because I know we're
going to have some models and we're
going to have some tests in here I'm
just going to create a couple of folders
for them so I just want to call this one
test and mock out and then we're going
to call this one models and we're
basically done except for git
so I'm just going to do a git init to
turn this into a git repository I'm
going to do a git add dot which will add
all of these that'll show us the new
files that we got there which looks
about right so I can just make it to me
cool so we're kind of set up ready to
ready to go with this project now this
is where we can actually start doing
some work